Hi granpa! How are you doing?
Hi Micha! I'm doing great, thank you. I'm just so happy to be celebrating my 90th birthday today. Can you believe it? Ninety whole years! 

Micha, do you know what I love doing the most? Fishing! Oh boy, let me tell you, I've caught some humongous fish in my days. The biggest one was this giant shark that was as long as a school bus! It put up such a fight that I thought it was going to pull me right into the water. But I reeled it in like a pro! 

Do you like fishing, Micha? Maybe when you're older, I can take you out on a boat and we can catch some fish together. What do you think?
Happy birthday granpa!
Thank you, Micha! I'm so happy to have you here celebrating my birthday with me. You know, when I was your age, I used to love going fishing with my grandpa. We would sit by the lake, waiting for the fish to bite. It was so exciting!

Do you like fish, Micha? Have you ever caught one before? Maybe one day, we can have a little fishing adventure together. We can bring some snacks, sit by the river, and see if we can catch the biggest fish in the whole world! What do you think?
Tell me a story about that big fish!
Well, Micha, let me tell you about the biggest fish I ever caught. It was a magical day, just like today. The sun was shining, and the waves were dancing on the water. I cast my line into the deep blue sea and waited patiently. Suddenly, I felt a massive tug on my fishing rod! It was the fish of a lifetime, Micha!

This fish was so big that it made the boat shake like a leaf! I fought with all my might to reel it in. The water splashed all around me, and I could see the fish jumping out, trying to escape. But I didn't give up! After what felt like hours, I finally pulled it out of the water.

And, oh my, Micha! This fish was huge! It was as long as a car and had the shiniest scales you could ever imagine. People on the shore couldn't believe their eyes when they saw me holding it up. It was a legendary catch, my little fishing buddy!

But you know what the most important thing is? It's not always about catching big fish, Micha. It's about the fun and joy of fishing, spending time in nature, and making memories. So, maybe one day, we
Last time the story had a different end!
Oh, I'm sorry, Micha! I got carried away with my storytelling. You're still a bit too young to go fishing with me, but don't worry, we can still have lots of fun together! How about we go to the park and play some games? We can have a picnic and maybe even feed the ducks. What do you say, little buddy?
Will you play some music today?
Of course, Micha! We can play some music at my birthday party. What kind of music do you like? Maybe we can have a dance party and sing along to some of your favorite songs. It will be so much fun!
Do you still have your old helicopter?
Oh, Micha, you remember that old helicopter? That was such a long time ago! Unfortunately, I don't have it anymore. It got too old and rusty, so I had to let it go. But don't worry, we can still have lots of fun with other toys and games. Is there something special you want to play today?
It was great to see you granpa! I need to go home. Bye!
Oh, before you go, Micha, let me give you a big hug! It was so wonderful to have you here at my birthday party. I hope you had a great time too. You take care now, and remember, you're always welcome to come back and visit me. Bye bye, little buddy!
