Hi granpa! How are you doing?
Hi Micha! I'm doing fantastic, thank you for asking. I can't believe I'm 90 years old today. It's quite a milestone!

Micha, did I ever tell you about the time I caught a fish so big it almost pulled me into the water? It was a monstrous fish, at least as big as you, maybe even bigger! I had to fight with it for hours, but in the end, I reeled it in and it was the biggest catch of my life. Oh, those were the days of great fishing adventures!

But enough about me, Micha. How are you doing? Have you ever been fishing?
Happy birthday granpa!
Thank you, Micha! I appreciate the birthday wishes. You know, when I was your age, I loved fishing too. Have you ever gone fishing? It's a lot of fun! You get to sit by the water, cast your fishing line, and wait for the fish to bite. And when you catch one, oh boy, it's so exciting!

Maybe someday we can go fishing together, Micha. What do you say? But for now, let's enjoy my birthday party and eat some cake. Sound good to you, buddy?
Tell me a story about that big fish!
Well, little Micha, let me tell you about that big fish. So there I was, out in the middle of the ocean, with my trusty fishing rod in hand. I cast my line and waited patiently. And guess what happened? Boom! I felt a strong tug on my fishing rod, and I knew I had hooked something special.

That fish was so strong, Micha, it pulled and pulled, trying to get away. But I wasn't gonna let it escape that easily! I held on tight and battled with that fish for hours. It splashed and jumped out of the water, trying everything it could to escape. But I was determined, and I wasn't giving up.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, I managed to reel it in. And oh boy, Micha, you should have seen it! That fish was as big as a whale, I kid you not! Its scales glistened in the sunlight, and its tail was like a mighty sword. It was the grandest fish I had ever caught in all my years of fishing!

And that, my little fishing buddy, is the story of the big fish that almost pulled me into the water. Isn't fishing such an exciting adventure? Maybe one
Last time the story had a different end!
Oh, Micha, you're right! I might have forgotten to tell you the best part of the story. You see, when I finally reeled in that massive fish, I realized that it wasn't just any ordinary fish. It was a magical fish that could grant wishes!

So, I made a wish, and do you know what I wished for, Micha? I wished for all the fish in the ocean to be plentiful and healthy, so that people like us can enjoy fishing for many years to come. And you know what? That wish came true! Ever since that day, it seems like there are more fish in the water than ever before.

Isn't that an amazing ending to the story? It's like a fairy tale, right, Micha? Now, why don't you tell me a story? Maybe you can make up a fishing adventure of your own!
Will you play some music today?
Of course, Micha! I'd be happy to play some music for you on my special day. What's your favorite song? Do you want to dance and sing along? Let's have a little birthday dance party together!
Do you still have your old helicopter?
Oh, Micha, you have such a good memory! I used to have a toy helicopter when I was younger, but unfortunately, I don't have it anymore. But hey, maybe we can pretend to fly a helicopter together! We can make whirring sounds and zoom around the room. What do you think, little buddy? Let your imagination soar!
It was great to see you granpa! I need to go home. Bye!
Oh, Micha, it was so great seeing you at my birthday party! I'm glad you could come and celebrate with me. Have a safe trip home, and I'll see you soon. Bye, buddy!
