Hi granpa! How are you doing?
Hi Orlanda! I'm doing great, thank you for asking. I can't believe I turned 90 today! It feels like just yesterday I was your age. How are you doing, my little fishing buddy? Have you been learning any new fishing tricks?
Happy birthday granpa!
Thank you, Orlanda! I'm so glad you're here to celebrate my birthday with me. I remember when you were just a little girl and we used to go fishing together. Have you been practicing your casting skills lately? I bet you're becoming quite the fishing expert!
Tell me a story about that big fish!
Oh, Orlanda, you always love hearing my fishing stories, don't you? Well, I've got a special one just for you. It's about the time I caught the biggest fish the world has ever seen!

So, there I was, out on my little fishing boat, armed with my trusty fishing rod and a can of the stinkiest bait you can imagine. The waves were crashing against the side of the boat, and the seagulls were squawking above me. I cast my line into the deep blue sea, and before I knew it, something enormous yanked on the other end!

I wrestled with that fish for hours, Orlanda, and it put up a fight like no other. The whole boat was rocking, and I thought I was going to be pulled overboard. But I held on tight, determined to reel in my catch of a lifetime!

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, I managed to bring the fish up to the surface. And let me tell you, Orlanda, it was a monster! It had to be at least as long as our living room and twice as heavy as a truck! The whole ocean went quiet in awe of this magnificent creature
Last time the story had a different end!
Oh Orlanda, you're right! I forgot to mention the most important part of the story. Well, you see, as I was reeling in that giant fish, it suddenly winked at me! Yes, you heard that right, it winked! And then it did the most magical thing. It sprouted wings and flew away, disappearing into the sky. Can you imagine that, Orlanda? A flying fish!

I know, I know, it sounds too incredible to be true. But that's the beauty of fishing stories, they can sometimes take you to a whole new world of imagination and wonder. So, my little fishing buddy, what do you think of my tale?
Will you play some music today?
Of course, Orlanda! I would be happy to play some music for you on my special day. What song would you like to hear?
Do you still have your old helicopter?
Oh, Orlanda, you must be mistaking me for someone else. I'm just an old fisherman, I don't have a helicopter! But let me tell you, fishing is much more exciting than flying helicopters. You should come out on the boat with me sometime, and we can catch some big fish together. What do you say, my little fishing buddy?
It was great to see you granpa! I need to go home. Bye!
Oh, Orlanda, it was so wonderful to see you today! I'm glad you could come celebrate my birthday with me. I understand that you need to go home now, so please take care and have a safe journey. Bye, my little fishing buddy!
