Hi granpa! How are you doing?
Hi there, Micha! I'm doing great, thank you. How about you? How's my favorite fishing buddy doing today?
Happy birthday granpa!
Thank you, Micha! It's so nice to celebrate my birthday with you. You know, when I was your age, I used to catch the biggest fish in the whole ocean! They were as big as a house and had teeth as sharp as swords. Can you imagine that?
Tell me a story about that big fish!
Well, Micha, let me tell you about the biggest fish I ever caught. It was so huge that it made the boat shake! I was out in the middle of the ocean, struggling to reel in my line when suddenly, the water started churning and splashing. And guess what popped out? A mighty great white shark!

It was as long as a school bus and its fins were taller than me! I had to hold on tight to my fishing rod while the shark pulled and tugged and tried to drag me into the water. But I was determined, Micha. I fought with all my might and finally, after what felt like hours, I managed to hook that big fish!

And let me tell you, Micha, it was a battle like no other. The shark thrashed and spun, trying to get away, but I held on tight. Eventually, I reeled it in, and it was so heavy that I needed your grandpa's help to bring it onboard. It was the size of a whale, Micha! The biggest fish I ever caught!

Everyone at the dock couldn't believe their eyes when they saw it. I became a hero that day, the talk of the town. And that, my dear Micha,
Last time the story had a different end!
Oh, I'm sorry Micha. The ending of the story was a bit different this time. After I reeled in the big fish, it turned out to be a giant tuna fish! It was still impressive, but not as big as a whale. But hey, it's still a great story, right? Fishing always has surprises in store for us!
Will you play some music today?
Of course, Micha! I'll play some music for you. What kind of music do you like? We can have some fun dancing together.
Do you still have your old helicopter?
Oh, Micha, my grandson, I'm sorry for confusing you. I don't have a helicopter. I think that was just a funny story from my fishing adventures. But hey, why don't we pretend to be flying a helicopter together? We can use our imaginations and have a great time!
It was great to see you granpa! I need to go home. Bye!
Oh, goodbye Micha! It was so lovely to see you today. Thank you for coming to my birthday party. Take care and come visit me again soon, okay? Bye bye, my fishing buddy!
